# An_Introduction_To_Interactive_Programming_In_Python-PART_1
Solve each of the practice exercises below. Each problem includes three CodeSkulptor links: one for a template that you should use as a starting point for your solution, one to our solution to the exercise, and one to a tool that automatically checks your solution.

    Given the program template below, write a Python function print_goodbye()\color{red}{\verb|print_goodbye()|}print_goodbye() that defines a local variable message\color{red}{\verb|message|}message whose value is "Goodbye"\color{red}{\verb|"Goodbye"|}"Goodbye" and prints the value of this local variable to the console. Note that the existing global variable message\color{red}{\verb|message|}message retains its original value "Hello"\color{red}{\verb|"Hello"|}"Hello" after the call to print_goodbye()\color{red}{\verb|print_goodbye()|}print_goodbye() completes. Print goodbye template --- Print goodbye solution --- Print goodbye (Checker)
    Given the program template below, write a Python function set_goodbye()\color{red}{\verb|set_goodbye()|}set_goodbye() that updates a global variable message\color{red}{\verb|message|}message with the value "Goodbye"\color{red}{\verb|"Goodbye"|}"Goodbye" and prints the value of this global variable to the console. Note that the existing global variable message\color{red}{\verb|message|}message has its original value "Hello"\color{red}{\verb|"Hello"|}"Hello" modified to "Goodbye"\color{red}{\verb|"Goodbye"|}"Goodbye" during the call to set_goodbye()\color{red}{\verb|set_goodbye()|}set_goodbye(). Set goodbye template --- Set goodbye solution --- Set goodbye (Checker)
    Challenge: Given the program template below, implement four functions that manipulate a global variable count\color{red}{\verb|count|}count as follows.  The function reset()\color{red}{\verb|reset()|}reset() sets the value of count\color{red}{\verb|count|}count to be zero, the function increment()\color{red}{\verb|increment()|}increment() adds one to count\color{red}{\verb|count|}count, the function decrement()\color{red}{\verb|decrement()|}decrement() subtracts one from count\color{red}{\verb|count|}count, and the function print_count()\color{red}{\verb|print_count()|}print_count() that prints the value of count to the console. Count operations template --- Count operations solution --- Count operations (Checker)
    Complete the program template below so that the resulting CodeSkulptor program opens a frame of size 100×200 with the title "My first frame"\color{red}{\verb|"My first frame"|}"My first frame". You will need to add only two extra lines of code. Two extra lines template --- Two extra lines solution --- Two extra lines (Checker)
    Given the program template below, modify the program to create a CodeSkulptor frame that opens a 200×100 pixel frame with the title "My second frame"\color{red}{\verb|"My second frame"|}"My second frame". Remember to use the Docs to determine the correct syntax for the necessary SimpleGUI calls. Open frame template --- Open frame solution --- Open frame (Checker)
